This is the README for the TA Match Website, created by Sam Asher, Trevor Chan,
  Miguel Gil, and Corina Putinar for Professor de Loera and the Math Department.

Contents:
  1. INTRO - An introduction to what this software is and why it was created.
  2. DATA - A brief guide to the underlying database.
  3. STAFF - A guide to using the staff interface.
  4. TASITE - A guide to using the TA interface.
  5. DEBUG - Tips on debugging.

INTRO
    The purpose of this software is to automatically match teaching assistants to sections.
  Previously, this was done by hand, which was altogether inefficient. This software 
  automates the tasks of obtaining preferences from the TAs and producing a matching of
  TAs to sections.

    In order to understand the inner workings of this software, you must have at least a 
  working knowledge of PHP and ZIMPL. Knowledge/experience of SQL and basic UNIX commands
  will help you to fully understand all components of the software but is not necessary for
  most debugging. 

    To get into the directory where the site is hosted, you'll need to ssh in from Terminal.
  Terminal comes with any Mac or Linux OS. If you use Windows, consider using a client
  such as CYGWIN or PUTTY.
    Once you are in Terminal, type
      ssh [username]@tamatch.math.ucdavis.edu
  You will then be prompted for a password. Credentials will not be given in this README,
  it is to Professor de Loera's discretion who will be given credentials.
    Now you are on the tamatch server, but you still need to reach the files. Type:
      cd /var/www/html/MathWeb
  IMPORTANT: Once you are in this directory, you have access to all the files that make
  the software work. If you delete or alter any of these files, the software may cease to
  function properly. Handle the files here with care and at the least make backups of the
  files you change so you're not stuck with worthless files.

DATA
  The data for this project is kept in a SQLite database named tamatch.db. To open it, type:
      sqlite3 tamatch.db
  You will be brought to another command prompt. From here you can see all the tables with
      .tables
  If you want to know about a particular table, type
      .schema [tablename]
  Assuming you understand SQL, the following should suffice as a brief explanation of the
  tables in the database.
    ta - information about each TA in the system
    department - list of all UCD departments
    course  - list of all UCD courses
    quarters - list of quarters at UCD. Should be filled for the next 200 years.
    section - Holds all sections. Remember a section has a corresponding dept, course,
              and quarter.
    event - Every section has some events (lecture, discussion, lab). Events are just blocks
            of time associated with a section.
    professor - has minimal prof information
    units - since the same TA can have varying numbers of units per quarter, this table
            has foreign keys in ta and quarter.
    tod - has all the different times of day. Currently we are using hours but one could
          use smaller or larger intervals if desired.
    rtod - links ta and tod. Every ta has a tod preference.
    rcourse - links ta and course. Every ta has a course preference.
    pref - links ta and section. Could be thought of as "rsection"
    calendar - links ta and event. TAs take their own classes which we record here.
    login - contains login information for the TA site
    login_staff - contains login information for the staff site
    deadline - stores the deadline each quarter after which TAs cannot enter preferences
    force_match - stores the force matches. (Staff can force a TA and section to be paired.)
    professor_conflict - unused table.


